add docs for deep links (#305)
freeletics/mad: docs/navigator/deeplinks.md

# Deep links

The core class for deep links is `DeepLink`. It accepts various combinations of route classes
to build a custom back stack on top of the app's default destination. After constructing a deep link
call `buildIntent`, `buildTaskStack` or `buildPendingIntent` to obtain something that can be 
launched. By default the resulting `Intent` will target the app's launcher `Activity`. To 

> open other's pass an `action` to `DeepLink`. The `Intent` for deep links with a custom 

Reviewer: Specifying other Activities makes it clearer
```suggestion
open other Activities pass an `action` to `DeepLink`. The `Intent` for deep links with a custom 
```

> action will still be limited to the current app's packageName so that deep links can't be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
action will still be limited to the current app's package name so that deep links can't be
```
